Removes redundant HTTP POST guide (#2236)
nodejs/nodejs.dev: src/documentation/0038-node-make-http-requests/index.md

## Perform a POST Request

There are many ways to perform an HTTP POST request in Node.js, depending on the abstraction level you want to use.

The simplest way to perform an HTTP request using Node.js is to use the [Axios library](https://github.com/axios/axios):

```js
const axios = require('axios')

axios
  .post('https://whatever.com/todos', {
    todo: 'Buy the milk'
  })
  .then(res => {
    console.log(`statusCode: ${res.status}`)
    console.log(res)
  })
  .catch(error => {
    console.error(error)
  })
```

Axios requires the use of a 3rd party library.

> A POST request is possible just using the Node.js standard modules, although it's more verbose than the two preceding options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A POST request is possible just using the Node.js standard modules, although it's more verbose than the above:
```

I think this was in the original text. Perhaps I'm blind, but I can only see one option  👀

Author: 👍 you are correct, must've been a typo on the other page that I've just copy pasted! Good spot 🙇
